contributing.md, before:

# Contribution Guidelines

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.adoc). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

- If you commit for fame or money interest instead of contributing to the community I'll close instantly
- Use a meaningful name to your commit or I'll close it instantly, Update source.md is NOT a name
- Do not commit on README, use SOURCE.md !
- Does your app bring something really interesting ?
- Is there a direct link so I we can check the détails of your repo ?
- Flutter is all about UI, use screenshots and animated media for your widget
- Paid solutions will be added if they offer free plan for open source or limited features for personnal devs but not limited in time. Fair is fair.

When your contribution is accepted you can add the Awesome Flutter Badge to your repository
thus signaling the quality of your work and linking to others authors Awesome projets

 <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/flutter?sort=votes">
  <img alt="Awesome Flutter" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Awesome-Flutter-blue.svg?longCache=true&style=flat-square" />
 </a>
 
 ``` 
<a href="https://github.com/Solido/awesome-flutter">
    <img alt="Awesome Flutter" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Awesome-Flutter-blue.svg?longCache=true&style=flat-square" />
</a>
```
 

Ensure your pull request adheres to the following guidelines:

- Search previous suggestions before making a new one, as yours may be a duplicate.
- Suggested packages should be tested and documented.
- The pull request should have a meaningful title and include a link to the package / resource and why it's awesome.
- Make an individual pull request for each suggestion.
- Use the following format: `[resource](link) - Description by [Author](link to author)`
- Use [title-casing](http://titlecapitalization.com) (AP style).
- Additions should be added to the bottom of the relevant category.
- New categories, or improvements to the existing categorization are welcome.
- Keep descriptions short and simple, but descriptive.
- Don't mention `Flutter` in the description as it's implied.
- Start the description with a capital.
- Check your spelling and grammar.
- Make sure your text editor is set to remove trailing whitespace.

Thank you for your suggestions!

Commit message:

Be gentle a patient with the team

contributing.md, after:

# Contribution Guidelines

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.adoc). By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

- If you commit for fame or money interest instead of contributing to the community I'll close instantly
- Use a meaningful name to your commit or I'll close it instantly, Update source.md is NOT a name
- Do not commit on README, use SOURCE.md !
- Does your app bring something really interesting ?
- Is there a direct link so I we can check the détails of your repo ?
- Flutter is all about UI, use screenshots and animated media for your widget
- Paid solutions will be added if they offer free plan for open source or limited features for personnal devs but not limited in time. Fair is fair.
- Remember the team is giving its own time to help the community. This is not a paid job yet it take a lot of time to curate and review.

When your contribution is accepted you can add the Awesome Flutter Badge to your repository
thus signaling the quality of your work and linking to others authors Awesome projets

 <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/flutter?sort=votes">
  <img alt="Awesome Flutter" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Awesome-Flutter-blue.svg?longCache=true&style=flat-square" />
 </a>
 
 ``` 
<a href="https://github.com/Solido/awesome-flutter">
    <img alt="Awesome Flutter" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Awesome-Flutter-blue.svg?longCache=true&style=flat-square" />
</a>
```
 

Ensure your pull request adheres to the following guidelines:

- Search previous suggestions before making a new one, as yours may be a duplicate.
- Suggested packages should be tested and documented.
- The pull request should have a meaningful title and include a link to the package / resource and why it's awesome.
- Make an individual pull request for each suggestion.
- Use the following format: `[resource](link) - Description by [Author](link to author)`
- Use [title-casing](http://titlecapitalization.com) (AP style).
- Additions should be added to the bottom of the relevant category.
- New categories, or improvements to the existing categorization are welcome.
- Keep descriptions short and simple, but descriptive.
- Don't mention `Flutter` in the description as it's implied.
- Start the description with a capital.
- Check your spelling and grammar.
- Make sure your text editor is set to remove trailing whitespace.

Thank you for your suggestions!
