README.md, before:

# Awesome Flutter [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

## Getting effective quickly

[<img src="https://flutter.io/images/flutter-mark-square-100.png" width="100">](http://flutter.io)

> An awesome style list that curates the best [Flutter](http://flutter.io) libraries, tools, tutorials, articles and more.

Flutter is a mobile app SDK for building high-performance, high-fidelity, apps for iOS and Android, from a single codebase.

The goal is to enable developers to deliver high-performance apps that feel natural on different platforms. We embrace differences in scrolling behaviors, typography, icons, and more.

Contributions welcome. Add links through pull requests or create an issue to start a discussion.

If you appreciate the content 📖 please give a ⭐ to help project visibility.

<div style="text-align: center"><table><tr>
    <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*te0NUsn8_bj0S1VyvF_awA.gif" width="200" />
    </td>
    <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1295961/25781521/5e2a9738-333b-11e7-825d-a6672b1f0b73.gif" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1295961/25817980/5d9033ca-3429-11e7-8cb3-7c939cba80ba.gif" width="200"/>
    </td>
   
</tr></table></div>

## Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Articles](#articles)
- [Components](#components)
- [Navigation](#navigation)
- [Utilities](#utilities)
- [Seeds](#seeds)
- [Plugins](#plugins)
- [Open Source Apps](#open-source-apps)
- [Frameworks](#frameworks)
- [Helpers](#helpers)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Bonus](#bonus)

## Introduction

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2TcYP8qiRI&list=PLlpxjI4sVd-zZ1jpJHJMSHGiWInsvwwf_&index=1">
<img width="500" alt="screen shot 2017-05-09 at 14 24 22" src="https://i.ytimg.com/vi/w2TcYP8qiRI/hqdefault.jpg?custom=true&w=246&h=138&stc=true&jpg444=true&jpgq=90&sp=68&sigh=zXUvkCX43IUEGlt5LkrvJcNRvEc">
<br>
Single Codebase, Two Apps with Flutter and Firebase (Google I/O '17)
</a>

## Articles

### Begin with

- [FLUTTER from Install to ListView](https://medium.com/@develodroid/flutter-i-intro-and-install-a8bf6dfcc7c8) - Full serie of 4 articles by [Chema Rubio](https://twitter.com/develodroid)
- [Zero to One with Flutter](https://medium.com/dartlang/zero-to-one-with-flutter-43b13fd7b354) - Flutter basics by [Mikkel Ravn](https://medium.com/@mravn)

### Misc

- [Zero to One Flutter Animation](https://medium.com/dartlang/zero-to-one-with-flutter-part-two-5aa2f06655cb) - Focus on animation by [Mikkel Ravn](https://medium.com/@mravn)

### Tutorial

- [Coding an Android App](https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/developing-an-android-app-with-flutter--cms-28270) - Setup and first app by [Ashraff Hathibelagal](https://github.com/hathibelagal)
- [Animated Chat](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/flutter/#0) - Building beautiful UIs with Flutter by Google Code Labs
- [Firebase Chat](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/flutter-firebase/#0) - Firebase Flutter by Google Code Labs

### Advanced

- [Rx Search](https://github.com/ReactiveX/rxdart/tree/master/example/flutter/github_search) - Using RxDart to animate a Search Widget.
- [Flutter Dart Streams](https://gitlab.com/brianegan/flutter_stream_friends) - By Brian Egan
- [Bubbling & Notification](https://rxlabz.github.io/dart,/flutter/2017/04/26/flutter-notification.html) - By [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz) (French)

### Howtos

- [Drag&Drop](https://github.com/rxlabz/flutter_dropcity) - By [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz)
- [Google Map for Android](https://github.com/FaisalAbid/flutter-google-maps) - Launching Google maps from Android by [Faisal Abid](https://twitter.com/FaisalAbid)
- [Crashy](https://github.com/yjbanov/crashy) - Demonstrate how to capture and report errors 
- [Securing Flutter Apps](https://medium.com/@mehmetf_71205/securing-flutter-apps-ada13e806a69) - By Mehmet Fidanboylu
- [Flutter Redux Todo](https://github.com/xqwzts/flutter-redux-todo-list) - Todo application by [Victor Choueiri](https://github.com/xqwzts)

#### Build Automation

- [Test Flutter on Travis](https://medium.com/@yegorj/test-flutter-apps-on-travis-3fd5142ecd8c) - Widget testing framework by [Yegor Jbanov](https://twitter.com/yegorjbanov)
- [Building Apks/Ipas on Travis](https://medium.com/@yegorj/building-flutter-apks-and-ipas-on-travis-98d84d8e9b4) - Automated build for Android and IOS by [Yegor Jbanov](https://twitter.com/yegorjbanov)

## Components

### Demonstrations

- [Flutter Gallery](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/tree/master/examples/flutter_gallery) - Demo app for the material design widgets and other features provided by Flutter.
- [Posse Gallery](https://github.com/flutter/posse_gallery) - Demonstration by [Posse](http://goposse.com)
- [Flutter Examples](https://github.com/nisrulz/flutter-examples) - Simple basic isolated apps for budding flutter devs, by [Nishant Srivastava](https://github.com/nisrulz)

### UI

- [Image Picker](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/image_picker) - Images Selection by [Collin Jackson](http://www.collinjackson.com)
- [Zoomable Image](https://github.com/perlatus/flutter_zoomable_image) - By Perlatus
- [SpriteWidget](https://github.com/spritewidget/spritewidget) -  Toolkit for building complex, high performance animations and 2D games by Viktor Lidholt
- [Color Picker](https://github.com/dart-flitter/flutter_color_picker) - Primary, Accent & RGB colors selection by [Hadrien Lejard](https://twitter.com/HadrienLejard)
- [3D Object](https://github.com/hemanthrajv/flutter_3d_obj) - Renders a wavefront .obj on to a canvas by [Hemanth Raj](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hemanthrajv)
- [Contact Picket](https://github.com/goderbauer/contact_picker) - Picking a contact from the address book by [Michael Goderbauer](https://github.com/goderbauer)
- [Parallax](https://github.com/FlutterRocks/page-transformer) - ViewPager by [Iiro Krankka](https://github.com/roughike)

### Templates

- [Movie Details](https://github.com/FlutterRocks/movie-details-ui) - A nice movie details page by [Iiro Krankka](https://github.com/roughike)
- [Flutter Mates](https://github.com/CodemateLtd/FlutterMates) - How to load profiles from the randomuser.me API and a nice profile details page by [Iiro Krankka](https://github.com/roughike)

### Navigation
- [Fluro](https://github.com/goposse/fluro) - The brightest, hippest, coolest router for Flutter with Navigation, wildcard, query, transitions by [Posse](http://goposse.com)
- [Circle Indicator](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/circle_indicator) - Circle indicator for the PageViewer by [Lung Razvan](https://github.com/thelong1EU)
- [Quick Actions](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/quick_actions) - Manage and interact with the application's home screen quick actions.

### Auth

- [Local Auth](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/local_auth) - Touch ID, lock code, fingerprint auth on Ios and Android
- [Google Sign-In](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/google_sign_in) - Google OAuth 
- [Firebase Auth](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/firebase_auth) - Firebase OAuth
- [Facebook Auth](https://medium.com/@segaud.kevin/facebook-oauth-login-flow-with-flutter-9adb717c9f2e) - Facebook OAuth by [Kevin Segaud](https://twitter.com/kevin_segaud)

### Text & Rich Content

- [Flutter Markdown](https://github.com/flutter/flutter_markdown) - Markdown renderer for Flutter. It supports the original format, but no inline html.
- [Image Placeholder](https://github.com/FaisalAbid/pluto) - While large images load, show a fallback asset by [Faisal Abid](https://twitter.com/FaisalAbid)

### Analytics

- [Usage](https://github.com/dart-lang/usage) - Google Analytics wrapper for command-line, web, and Flutter apps.
- [Firebase Analytics](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/firebase_analytics) - Connect to Firebase Analytics API
- [Segment.com Analytics](https://github.com/FaisalAbid/segment-analytics-flutter) - Make your Segment.com analytics a breeze! by [Faisal Abid](https://twitter.com/FaisalAbid)

### Build & Development

- [Mutisya](http://mutisya.com/) - Online Flutter Studio by [Paul Mutisya](https://medium.com/@pmutisya)
- [Travis CI for Flutter](https://github.com/yjbanov/flutter_travis_sample) - Continuous integration by [Yegor Jbanov](https://twitter.com/yegorjbanov)

### Styling

- [Flutterial](https://github.com/rxlabz/flutterial) - Flutter Material Theme explorer by [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz)
- [Frosted Glass](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/43550853/how-do-i-do-the-frosted-glass-effect-in-flutter) - Render effect by [Collin Jackson](http://www.collinjackson.com)
- [Font Awesome](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/font_awesome_flutter) - Font Awesome icons repack by Brian Egan

### System

- [Sky Engine](https://github.com/flutter/engine) - Engine behind Flutter

### Media

- [Audio Plugin](https://github.com/rxlabz/audioplayer) - Beta by [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz)
- [Video Player](https://github.com/rxlabz/flutter_videoplayer) - Beta by [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz)
- [Video Launcher](https://github.com/rxlabz/flutter_video_launcher) - Launch a video player by [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz)
- [WebP/WebM](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/9857) - Currently in progress

#### Voice

- [Speech Recognition](https://github.com/rxlabz/speech_recognition) - Speech to text by [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz)

### Storage

- [Firebase Storage](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/firebase_storage) - Firebase as data storage

### Monetization

- [Admob](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/admob) - GoogleAdmob supports interstitial ads in both iOS and Android by Brett Nesbitt
- [Firebase AdMob](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/firebase_admob) - Ad integration using Firebase

### Animation

- [Lottie](https://github.com/fabiomsr/lottie-flutter) - After Effect for Flutter ???

## Utilities 


### IDE

- [IntelliJ Plugin](https://flutter.io/intellij-setup) - Flutter on Intellij and Webstorm
- [Dart Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DanTup.dart-code) - Plugin to get Dart with Visual Studio Code by [Danny Tuppeny](https://twitter.com/DanTup)
- [IntelliJ Snippets](https://github.com/Solido/flutter-snippet) - More More More Snippets to get stuffs done even faster and also learn quickly by [Robert Felker](https://github.com/Solido) 
- [VSCode Snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=franzsilva.fs-flutter-snippets) - Translated from IntelliJ IDEA Official Snippets by Franz Silva

## Seeds

## Plugins

Plugins / IOS - Android  additions

- [Flutter Plugins](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages) - Official Flutter Team Plugins
- [Sqflite](https://github.com/tekartik/sqflite) - SQLite flutter plugin by [Alexandre Roux](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alextekartik/)
- [WebView](https://github.com/dart-flitter/flutter_webview_plugin) - by [Hadrien Lejard](https://twitter.com/HadrienLejard)  
- [Pub Plugins](https://pub.dartlang.org/flutter/plugins) - Flutters plugins filter in Dart Pub Repository
- [Flutter Location](https://github.com/Lyokone/flutterlocation) - Handle location, handling callbacks to get continuous location by [Lyokone](https://github.com/Lyokone)
- [Flutter Blue](https://github.com/pauldemarco/flutter_blue) - Bluetooth plugin by [Paul de Marco](https://github.com/pauldemarco)
- [QR Code Reader](https://github.com/villela/flutter_qrcode_reader) - QR Code reader plugin by [Matheus Villela](https://github.com/villela)


### Misc

- [Battery](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/battery) - Access various information about the battery

## Open Source Apps

- [FriendlyChat](https://github.com/flutter/friendlychat-flutter) - Offline/Firebase chat by a team of Googlers
- [Meme Chat](https://github.com/efortuna/memechat) - Chat app on Flutter, using Firebase, Google Sign In, and device camera integration by a team of Googlers
- [Flutter News](https://github.com/andresaraujo/flutter_news) - Hacker News client by [Andres Araujo](http://andresaraujo.co)
- [Flitter](https://github.com/dart-flitter/flitter) - Glitter app by [Hadrien Lejard](https://twitter.com/HadrienLejard) and [Kevin Segaud](https://twitter.com/kevin_segaud). It use the Redux and Jaguar !
- [Cooking App](https://github.com/oscarcpozas/cooking-app-flutter) - by Óscar Caballero in the kitchen
- [Lime](https://github.com/fablue/lime-flutter) - Lime social network by Sebastian Sellmair
- [Flitch](https://github.com/matanlurey/flitch) - Twitch client for Flutter by [Matan Lurey](https://twitter.com/matanlurey).
- [WikiFlutter](https://github.com/nanowang/wiki-flutter) - Wikipedia reader by [Nano WANG](https://github.com/nanowang)
- [DartHub](https://github.com/SamThompson/dart_hub) - GitHub client written in flutter by [Sam Thompson](https://github.com/SamThompson)

### Games

- [Flutter Game Demo](https://github.com/vlidholt/game) - Demo game for Flutter and Flutter Sprites by Viktor Lidholt

## Frameworks

### Flux / Redux

- [Flutter Flux](https://github.com/jimbeveridge/flutter_flux) - Flux implementation for Flutter
- [GreenCat](https://github.com/alexeieleusis/greencat) - Port of Redux to Dart, including Redux Thunk
- [Flutter built redux](https://github.com/davidmarne/flutter_built_redux) - Automatic subscribing to your redux stores. Based on the built pattern by [David Marne](https://github.com/davidmarne)
- [redux.dart](https://github.com/johnpryan/redux.dart) - Port of Redux to Dart with an ecosystem of middleware, Flutter integrations, and time traveling dev tools by [John Ryan](https://github.com/johnpryan) and [Brian Egan](https://gitlab.com/users/brianegan/projects)

### Web

- [Butterfly](https://github.com/yjbanov/butterfly) - Web framework for Dart based on Flutter's widget model
- [Angel & Flutter](https://github.com/angel-example/flutter) - Simple todo app with Flutter and an Angel backend by [Tobe Osakwe](http://thosakwe.com)

## Helpers

- [Official Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!forum/flutter-dev) - Discussions, support, exchange on Flutter
- [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/flutter) - Flutter team members in depth responses to your questions
- [Reddit FlutterDev](https://www.reddit.com/r/FlutterDev/) - Official Reddit chamber


## Videos 
- [Flutter Talks](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLW08AvVvHDpHFQjXnjv4CKPyAdFLPMW4q&disable_polymer=true) - Extensive list of Flutter videos in a dedicated Youtube Channel by [Brandon Donnelson](https://twitter.com/branflake2267), Dart Developer Summit and others.
- [Dart Streams](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlpxjI4sVd-zZ1jpJHJMSHGiWInsvwwf_) - Flutter dedicated channel on Dart-Streams 
- [Bram Vanbilsen Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEPCGXQ7IQg&list=PLxU9Ryxq6p58PsNmJL70J4_7UzfSqf35n) - Discover SDK using VSCode by Bram Vanbilsen

## Bonus

### Interview
- [Hamilton](https://www.blog.google/topics/developers/it-must-be-nice-have-hamilton-your-phone) - Mike Karns, Hamilton’s director of social media, and David DeRemer from POSSE, who helped build the HAMILTON app.

### Fuchsia
- [Armadillo](https://github.com/fuchsia-mirror/sysui) - Armadillo Mega Widgets for Fuchsia OS

### Misc
- [Flutter birth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=2&v=U7qtl7lVKXQ) - Animated graph of Flutter commit - by [Brandon Donnelson](https://twitter.com/branflake2267). What's happening at 2:38 ? Brandon told me it's the Intellij Plugin.

### Published Apps
- [Hamilton](https://itunes.apple.com/fr/app/hamilton-the-official-app/id1255231054?mt=8&ign-mpt=uo%3D4) - Introducing Hamilton — The Official App. Fans’ access to all things Hamilton: An American Musical. 
- [Newsvoice](https://itunes.apple.com/se/app/newsvoice/id1208421834?l=en&mt=8) - Newsvoice shows all the news and perspectives from high quality sources in one place.
- [Bendometer](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/bendometer/id772557902?mt=8) - "Harmonica tuner". Learn how to play bends on your harmonica.

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Robert Felker](https://github.com/Solido) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

planets-flutter
planets-flutter - open source app & tutorials

README.md, after:

# Awesome Flutter [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

## Getting effective quickly

[<img src="https://flutter.io/images/flutter-mark-square-100.png" width="100">](http://flutter.io)

> An awesome style list that curates the best [Flutter](http://flutter.io) libraries, tools, tutorials, articles and more.

Flutter is a mobile app SDK for building high-performance, high-fidelity, apps for iOS and Android, from a single codebase.

The goal is to enable developers to deliver high-performance apps that feel natural on different platforms. We embrace differences in scrolling behaviors, typography, icons, and more.

Contributions welcome. Add links through pull requests or create an issue to start a discussion.

If you appreciate the content 📖 please give a ⭐ to help project visibility.

<div style="text-align: center"><table><tr>
    <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*te0NUsn8_bj0S1VyvF_awA.gif" width="200" />
    </td>
    <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1295961/25781521/5e2a9738-333b-11e7-825d-a6672b1f0b73.gif" width="200"/>
    </td>
    <td style="text-align: center">
        <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1295961/25817980/5d9033ca-3429-11e7-8cb3-7c939cba80ba.gif" width="200"/>
    </td>
   
</tr></table></div>

## Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Articles](#articles)
- [Components](#components)
- [Navigation](#navigation)
- [Utilities](#utilities)
- [Seeds](#seeds)
- [Plugins](#plugins)
- [Open Source Apps](#open-source-apps)
- [Frameworks](#frameworks)
- [Helpers](#helpers)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Bonus](#bonus)

## Introduction

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2TcYP8qiRI&list=PLlpxjI4sVd-zZ1jpJHJMSHGiWInsvwwf_&index=1">
<img width="500" alt="screen shot 2017-05-09 at 14 24 22" src="https://i.ytimg.com/vi/w2TcYP8qiRI/hqdefault.jpg?custom=true&w=246&h=138&stc=true&jpg444=true&jpgq=90&sp=68&sigh=zXUvkCX43IUEGlt5LkrvJcNRvEc">
<br>
Single Codebase, Two Apps with Flutter and Firebase (Google I/O '17)
</a>

## Articles

### Begin with

- [FLUTTER from Install to ListView](https://medium.com/@develodroid/flutter-i-intro-and-install-a8bf6dfcc7c8) - Full serie of 4 articles by [Chema Rubio](https://twitter.com/develodroid)
- [Zero to One with Flutter](https://medium.com/dartlang/zero-to-one-with-flutter-43b13fd7b354) - Flutter basics by [Mikkel Ravn](https://medium.com/@mravn)

### Misc

- [Zero to One Flutter Animation](https://medium.com/dartlang/zero-to-one-with-flutter-part-two-5aa2f06655cb) - Focus on animation by [Mikkel Ravn](https://medium.com/@mravn)

### Tutorial

- [Coding an Android App](https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/developing-an-android-app-with-flutter--cms-28270) - Setup and first app by [Ashraff Hathibelagal](https://github.com/hathibelagal)
- [Animated Chat](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/flutter/#0) - Building beautiful UIs with Flutter by Google Code Labs
- [Firebase Chat](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/flutter-firebase/#0) - Firebase Flutter by Google Code Labs
- [Planets-Flutter: from design to app](http://sergiandreplace.com/2017/09/planets-flutter-from-design-to-app)

### Advanced

- [Rx Search](https://github.com/ReactiveX/rxdart/tree/master/example/flutter/github_search) - Using RxDart to animate a Search Widget.
- [Flutter Dart Streams](https://gitlab.com/brianegan/flutter_stream_friends) - By Brian Egan
- [Bubbling & Notification](https://rxlabz.github.io/dart,/flutter/2017/04/26/flutter-notification.html) - By [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz) (French)

### Howtos

- [Drag&Drop](https://github.com/rxlabz/flutter_dropcity) - By [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz)
- [Google Map for Android](https://github.com/FaisalAbid/flutter-google-maps) - Launching Google maps from Android by [Faisal Abid](https://twitter.com/FaisalAbid)
- [Crashy](https://github.com/yjbanov/crashy) - Demonstrate how to capture and report errors 
- [Securing Flutter Apps](https://medium.com/@mehmetf_71205/securing-flutter-apps-ada13e806a69) - By Mehmet Fidanboylu
- [Flutter Redux Todo](https://github.com/xqwzts/flutter-redux-todo-list) - Todo application by [Victor Choueiri](https://github.com/xqwzts)

#### Build Automation

- [Test Flutter on Travis](https://medium.com/@yegorj/test-flutter-apps-on-travis-3fd5142ecd8c) - Widget testing framework by [Yegor Jbanov](https://twitter.com/yegorjbanov)
- [Building Apks/Ipas on Travis](https://medium.com/@yegorj/building-flutter-apks-and-ipas-on-travis-98d84d8e9b4) - Automated build for Android and IOS by [Yegor Jbanov](https://twitter.com/yegorjbanov)

## Components

### Demonstrations

- [Flutter Gallery](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/tree/master/examples/flutter_gallery) - Demo app for the material design widgets and other features provided by Flutter.
- [Posse Gallery](https://github.com/flutter/posse_gallery) - Demonstration by [Posse](http://goposse.com)
- [Flutter Examples](https://github.com/nisrulz/flutter-examples) - Simple basic isolated apps for budding flutter devs, by [Nishant Srivastava](https://github.com/nisrulz)

### UI

- [Image Picker](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/image_picker) - Images Selection by [Collin Jackson](http://www.collinjackson.com)
- [Zoomable Image](https://github.com/perlatus/flutter_zoomable_image) - By Perlatus
- [SpriteWidget](https://github.com/spritewidget/spritewidget) -  Toolkit for building complex, high performance animations and 2D games by Viktor Lidholt
- [Color Picker](https://github.com/dart-flitter/flutter_color_picker) - Primary, Accent & RGB colors selection by [Hadrien Lejard](https://twitter.com/HadrienLejard)
- [3D Object](https://github.com/hemanthrajv/flutter_3d_obj) - Renders a wavefront .obj on to a canvas by [Hemanth Raj](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hemanthrajv)
- [Contact Picket](https://github.com/goderbauer/contact_picker) - Picking a contact from the address book by [Michael Goderbauer](https://github.com/goderbauer)
- [Parallax](https://github.com/FlutterRocks/page-transformer) - ViewPager by [Iiro Krankka](https://github.com/roughike)

### Templates

- [Movie Details](https://github.com/FlutterRocks/movie-details-ui) - A nice movie details page by [Iiro Krankka](https://github.com/roughike)
- [Flutter Mates](https://github.com/CodemateLtd/FlutterMates) - How to load profiles from the randomuser.me API and a nice profile details page by [Iiro Krankka](https://github.com/roughike)

### Navigation
- [Fluro](https://github.com/goposse/fluro) - The brightest, hippest, coolest router for Flutter with Navigation, wildcard, query, transitions by [Posse](http://goposse.com)
- [Circle Indicator](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/circle_indicator) - Circle indicator for the PageViewer by [Lung Razvan](https://github.com/thelong1EU)
- [Quick Actions](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/quick_actions) - Manage and interact with the application's home screen quick actions.

### Auth

- [Local Auth](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/local_auth) - Touch ID, lock code, fingerprint auth on Ios and Android
- [Google Sign-In](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/google_sign_in) - Google OAuth 
- [Firebase Auth](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/firebase_auth) - Firebase OAuth
- [Facebook Auth](https://medium.com/@segaud.kevin/facebook-oauth-login-flow-with-flutter-9adb717c9f2e) - Facebook OAuth by [Kevin Segaud](https://twitter.com/kevin_segaud)

### Text & Rich Content

- [Flutter Markdown](https://github.com/flutter/flutter_markdown) - Markdown renderer for Flutter. It supports the original format, but no inline html.
- [Image Placeholder](https://github.com/FaisalAbid/pluto) - While large images load, show a fallback asset by [Faisal Abid](https://twitter.com/FaisalAbid)

### Analytics

- [Usage](https://github.com/dart-lang/usage) - Google Analytics wrapper for command-line, web, and Flutter apps.
- [Firebase Analytics](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/firebase_analytics) - Connect to Firebase Analytics API
- [Segment.com Analytics](https://github.com/FaisalAbid/segment-analytics-flutter) - Make your Segment.com analytics a breeze! by [Faisal Abid](https://twitter.com/FaisalAbid)

### Build & Development

- [Mutisya](http://mutisya.com/) - Online Flutter Studio by [Paul Mutisya](https://medium.com/@pmutisya)
- [Travis CI for Flutter](https://github.com/yjbanov/flutter_travis_sample) - Continuous integration by [Yegor Jbanov](https://twitter.com/yegorjbanov)

### Styling

- [Flutterial](https://github.com/rxlabz/flutterial) - Flutter Material Theme explorer by [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz)
- [Frosted Glass](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/43550853/how-do-i-do-the-frosted-glass-effect-in-flutter) - Render effect by [Collin Jackson](http://www.collinjackson.com)
- [Font Awesome](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/font_awesome_flutter) - Font Awesome icons repack by Brian Egan

### System

- [Sky Engine](https://github.com/flutter/engine) - Engine behind Flutter

### Media

- [Audio Plugin](https://github.com/rxlabz/audioplayer) - Beta by [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz)
- [Video Player](https://github.com/rxlabz/flutter_videoplayer) - Beta by [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz)
- [Video Launcher](https://github.com/rxlabz/flutter_video_launcher) - Launch a video player by [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz)
- [WebP/WebM](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/9857) - Currently in progress

#### Voice

- [Speech Recognition](https://github.com/rxlabz/speech_recognition) - Speech to text by [Erick Ghaumez](https://twitter.com/rxlabz)

### Storage

- [Firebase Storage](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/firebase_storage) - Firebase as data storage

### Monetization

- [Admob](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/admob) - GoogleAdmob supports interstitial ads in both iOS and Android by Brett Nesbitt
- [Firebase AdMob](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/firebase_admob) - Ad integration using Firebase

### Animation

- [Lottie](https://github.com/fabiomsr/lottie-flutter) - After Effect for Flutter ???

## Utilities 


### IDE

- [IntelliJ Plugin](https://flutter.io/intellij-setup) - Flutter on Intellij and Webstorm
- [Dart Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DanTup.dart-code) - Plugin to get Dart with Visual Studio Code by [Danny Tuppeny](https://twitter.com/DanTup)
- [IntelliJ Snippets](https://github.com/Solido/flutter-snippet) - More More More Snippets to get stuffs done even faster and also learn quickly by [Robert Felker](https://github.com/Solido) 
- [VSCode Snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=franzsilva.fs-flutter-snippets) - Translated from IntelliJ IDEA Official Snippets by Franz Silva

## Seeds

## Plugins

Plugins / IOS - Android  additions

- [Flutter Plugins](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages) - Official Flutter Team Plugins
- [Sqflite](https://github.com/tekartik/sqflite) - SQLite flutter plugin by [Alexandre Roux](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alextekartik/)
- [WebView](https://github.com/dart-flitter/flutter_webview_plugin) - by [Hadrien Lejard](https://twitter.com/HadrienLejard)  
- [Pub Plugins](https://pub.dartlang.org/flutter/plugins) - Flutters plugins filter in Dart Pub Repository
- [Flutter Location](https://github.com/Lyokone/flutterlocation) - Handle location, handling callbacks to get continuous location by [Lyokone](https://github.com/Lyokone)
- [Flutter Blue](https://github.com/pauldemarco/flutter_blue) - Bluetooth plugin by [Paul de Marco](https://github.com/pauldemarco)
- [QR Code Reader](https://github.com/villela/flutter_qrcode_reader) - QR Code reader plugin by [Matheus Villela](https://github.com/villela)


### Misc

- [Battery](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/battery) - Access various information about the battery

## Open Source Apps

- [FriendlyChat](https://github.com/flutter/friendlychat-flutter) - Offline/Firebase chat by a team of Googlers
- [Meme Chat](https://github.com/efortuna/memechat) - Chat app on Flutter, using Firebase, Google Sign In, and device camera integration by a team of Googlers
- [Flutter News](https://github.com/andresaraujo/flutter_news) - Hacker News client by [Andres Araujo](http://andresaraujo.co)
- [Flitter](https://github.com/dart-flitter/flitter) - Glitter app by [Hadrien Lejard](https://twitter.com/HadrienLejard) and [Kevin Segaud](https://twitter.com/kevin_segaud). It use the Redux and Jaguar !
- [Cooking App](https://github.com/oscarcpozas/cooking-app-flutter) - by Óscar Caballero in the kitchen
- [Lime](https://github.com/fablue/lime-flutter) - Lime social network by Sebastian Sellmair
- [Flitch](https://github.com/matanlurey/flitch) - Twitch client for Flutter by [Matan Lurey](https://twitter.com/matanlurey).
- [WikiFlutter](https://github.com/nanowang/wiki-flutter) - Wikipedia reader by [Nano WANG](https://github.com/nanowang)
- [DartHub](https://github.com/SamThompson/dart_hub) - GitHub client written in flutter by [Sam Thompson](https://github.com/SamThompson)
- [Planets-Flutter](https://github.com/sergiandreplace/planets-flutter)

### Games

- [Flutter Game Demo](https://github.com/vlidholt/game) - Demo game for Flutter and Flutter Sprites by Viktor Lidholt

## Frameworks

### Flux / Redux

- [Flutter Flux](https://github.com/jimbeveridge/flutter_flux) - Flux implementation for Flutter
- [GreenCat](https://github.com/alexeieleusis/greencat) - Port of Redux to Dart, including Redux Thunk
- [Flutter built redux](https://github.com/davidmarne/flutter_built_redux) - Automatic subscribing to your redux stores. Based on the built pattern by [David Marne](https://github.com/davidmarne)
- [redux.dart](https://github.com/johnpryan/redux.dart) - Port of Redux to Dart with an ecosystem of middleware, Flutter integrations, and time traveling dev tools by [John Ryan](https://github.com/johnpryan) and [Brian Egan](https://gitlab.com/users/brianegan/projects)

### Web

- [Butterfly](https://github.com/yjbanov/butterfly) - Web framework for Dart based on Flutter's widget model
- [Angel & Flutter](https://github.com/angel-example/flutter) - Simple todo app with Flutter and an Angel backend by [Tobe Osakwe](http://thosakwe.com)

## Helpers

- [Official Mailing list](https://groups.google.com/forum/m/#!forum/flutter-dev) - Discussions, support, exchange on Flutter
- [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/flutter) - Flutter team members in depth responses to your questions
- [Reddit FlutterDev](https://www.reddit.com/r/FlutterDev/) - Official Reddit chamber


## Videos 
- [Flutter Talks](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLW08AvVvHDpHFQjXnjv4CKPyAdFLPMW4q&disable_polymer=true) - Extensive list of Flutter videos in a dedicated Youtube Channel by [Brandon Donnelson](https://twitter.com/branflake2267), Dart Developer Summit and others.
- [Dart Streams](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlpxjI4sVd-zZ1jpJHJMSHGiWInsvwwf_) - Flutter dedicated channel on Dart-Streams 
- [Bram Vanbilsen Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEPCGXQ7IQg&list=PLxU9Ryxq6p58PsNmJL70J4_7UzfSqf35n) - Discover SDK using VSCode by Bram Vanbilsen

## Bonus

### Interview
- [Hamilton](https://www.blog.google/topics/developers/it-must-be-nice-have-hamilton-your-phone) - Mike Karns, Hamilton’s director of social media, and David DeRemer from POSSE, who helped build the HAMILTON app.

### Fuchsia
- [Armadillo](https://github.com/fuchsia-mirror/sysui) - Armadillo Mega Widgets for Fuchsia OS

### Misc
- [Flutter birth](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=2&v=U7qtl7lVKXQ) - Animated graph of Flutter commit - by [Brandon Donnelson](https://twitter.com/branflake2267). What's happening at 2:38 ? Brandon told me it's the Intellij Plugin.

### Published Apps
- [Hamilton](https://itunes.apple.com/fr/app/hamilton-the-official-app/id1255231054?mt=8&ign-mpt=uo%3D4) - Introducing Hamilton — The Official App. Fans’ access to all things Hamilton: An American Musical. 
- [Newsvoice](https://itunes.apple.com/se/app/newsvoice/id1208421834?l=en&mt=8) - Newsvoice shows all the news and perspectives from high quality sources in one place.
- [Bendometer](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/bendometer/id772557902?mt=8) - "Harmonica tuner". Learn how to play bends on your harmonica.

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Robert Felker](https://github.com/Solido) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
